Terms
《 微博服务使用协议 》
1. Special Note
1.1
北京微梦创科网络技术有限公司、微梦创科网络科技（中国）有限公司及相关关联企业（以下合称"微梦公司"）同意按照本协议的规定及其不时发布的操作规则提供基于互联网以及移动网的新浪网微博客服务（以下称"微博服务"），为获得微博服务，微博服务使用人（以下称"用户"）应当基于了解本协议全部内容，在独立思考的基础上认可、同意本协议的全部条款并按照页面上的提示完成全部的注册程序。用户在进行注册程序过程中点击"同意" 按钮即表示用户完全接受《新浪网络服务使用协议》、《微博服务使用协议》、《微博社区公约（试行）》及微梦公司公示的各项规则、规范。
1.2
After the user has successfully registered, based on the users' object needs to use Weibo services, and at the time when user applies and registers for Weibo services, Weimeng will open microblogging services for users according to the account provided by the users based on the registration requirement. After Weimeng has opened the account for the users and agrees to provide the users with its services, the user has the right to use Weibo services. The user ID and password will be kept by the user; the users should be responsible for their own behavior when using Weibo services, be responsible for all information published by users through Weibo services, as well as all take full responsibility for any resulting consequences .The information submitted, posted or displayed by users are visible to other micro-blogging service users as well as third-party services and websites (users can exercise self-control by setting the functions to control the type of accounts that can access the information).
1.3
After the user has successfully completed the registration, Sina is entitled to the right to carry out non-commercial research on the user's operating behaviors when Weibo services are being used
2. Contents of Services
2.1
微博服务的具体内容由微梦公司根据实际情况提供，包括但不限于授权用户通过其帐号，使用微博服务发布观点、评论、图片、视频、转发链接等，微梦公司有权对其提供的服务或产品形态进行升级或其他调整，并将及时更新页面/告知用户。
2.2
Weimeng service may include the Weibo platform virtual currency which can be bought by the users through Weimeng's virtual currency system, which can be used for paid services. Users will use real money to buy Weimeng's virtual currency in accordance with the processes and methods of Weimeng virtual currency system, and then use the virtual currency to purchase the paid Weibo services that the user requires, and eventually obtain the permission to access services. Before users start using the paid Sina Weibo services, Weimeng will give the user clear instructions, and only after users confirm their willingness to pay and actually paid the fees in accordance with the method of payment of Weibo services, can the users use those the paid Weibo services. If the user refuses to carry out the payment process, the user will not be able to use the corresponding paid Weibo services.
2.3
The users understand that Weimeng only provide technical services relating to Weibo services, and the users shall be responsible for the equipment related to network services (such as personal computers, mobile phones, and any other devices to access to the Internet or mobile network) and required fees (such as payment for Internet access fees, telephone charges and mobile Internet access fees, and mobile phone monthly fees in relation to Internet access).
3. Service change, interruption or termination
3.1
In view of the special nature of network services, users agree that Weimeng reserves the right to change, suspend or terminate some or all of Weibo services (including network services with fees).In the event the service change, interruption or termination are for the free Weibo services, Weimeng company does not need to notify the users, also Weimeng company should not be responsible for the users or any third party. If the service change, interruption or termination are for the Weibo services with fees, Weimeng should give the users prior notice before the change, interruption or termination take place, and shall provide the affected users with alternative equivalent network services with fees, however if the users are unwilling to accept the alternative network services with fees, with respect to the virtual currency already paid by the users to Weimeng, Weimeng should deduct the amount of virtual currency corresponding to the services that have actually been used by the users, and then return the remaining virtual currency to the user's virtual currency account.
3.2
Users understand that Weimeng needs to regularly or irregularly carry out the repairs or maintenance to Weibo service platform (such as Internet websites, mobile networks, etc.) or related equipment, in the event these repairs or maintenance activities would cause the interruption of paid services during the reasonable time period, Weimeng company will not take any responsibilities, however Sina should notify the users as far in advance as possible.
3.3
Should any of the following circumstances arises, Weimeng reserves the right to interrupt or terminate the Weibo services provided to the users under the provisions of this Agreement (including the services with fees) without having to assume any responsibility to the users or any third party：
3.3.1 The false personal data has been provided by the user；
3.3.2 User has violated the related laws and regulations, State policies, or the service regulations under this Agreement；
3.3.3 Users fail to pay the charges for the services used according to the regulations.
3.4
In case user did not use any services in 90 consecutive days after opening the Weibo services, Weimeng Company reserves the right to stop providing the user with micro-blogging service.
3.4.1 回收用户昵称；
3.4.2 停止为该用户提供微博服务。
3.5
用户选择将微博帐号与微博合作的第三方帐号进行绑定的，除用户自行解除绑定关系外，如发生下列任何一种情形，用户已绑定的第三方帐号也有可能被解除绑定而微梦公司无需对用户或任何第三方承担任何责任：
3.5.1 用户违反法律法规国家政策、本协议或《新浪网络服务使用协议》 的；
3.5.2 用户违反第三方帐户用户协议或其相关规定的；
3.5.3 其他需要解除绑定的。
Rules of Use
4.1
用户注册微博客账号，制作、发布、传播信息内容的，应当使用真实身份信息，不得以虚假、冒用的居民身份信息、企业注册信息、组织机构代码信息进行注册。
4.2
If the user has violated the foregoing 4.1 of the agreement, in accordance with the relevant laws, regulations and policies of the State, Sina Company reserves the right to suspend or terminate the user from using micro-blogging service without having to assume liability for breach.
4.3
Weimeng company will establish and improve the security of user information management system, and implement the technical safety prevention and control measures. Sina will be protecting user privacy that might be involved in the use of Weibo services.
4.4
When users are using Weibo Services, based on the requirements of the safe operation, public security or national policy, Weimeng is entitled to require the users to provide accurate personal information, if there will be any changes in the personal data provided by the user, causing the actual situation inconsistent with the information submitted to Weimeng, the user should be responsible to provide Weimeng with any update on time.
4.5
Due to the fact that the Weibo Services is based on the account number provided by the user while applying for opening Weibo services, users should not transfer or lend his/her account number and password to be used by others. If the user has discovered that his/her account or Weibo services were under illegal use by others, the user should immediately notify Weimeng. If as a result of hacking or user's negligence in keeping the account information, the account, password, and micro-blogging service are under illegal use of others, Weimeng has the right to refuse to accept any responsibility.
4.6
User agrees that Sina reserves the right to insert or add various kinds of commercial advertising or other types of commercial information  (including but not limited to put advertisement on any webpage of Weimeng website), and, user agrees to accept product promotion or other relevant business information sent by Weimeng through email or other measures.
4.7
For any contents publicly posted by the user through the Weibo services, user agrees that Weimeng has free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive and fully sublicense right and license worldwide, to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, and to create derivative works, disseminate, perform and display such content (in whole or in part), and/or incorporated such content into works, media or technology any forms that are the currently known or will be developed later.
4.8
When using the Weibo services, the users must follow the following guidelines:：
4.8.1 Comply with the relevant Chinese laws and regulations；
4.8.2 Comply with all network protocols, regulations, and procedures relating to network services and microblogging service;
4.8.3 Should not use the Weibo Service system for any unlawful purposes；
4.8.4 Shall not use Weibo Service  in any forms to violate the rights and/or interests of Sina or Weimeng company；
4.8.5 Shall not use the Weibo service system in any activities that may adversely affect the normal operation of the Internet or mobile network；
4.8.6 Shall not use the Weibo services provided by Weimeng company to upload, display or transmit any false, harassing, libelous, racist, abusive, threatening, adult erotic, or any other illegal information；
4.8.7 Shall not in any way infringe any other person's legal entitlement to the patent, copyright, trademark, right of reputation, or any other legitimate rights and interests；
4.8.8 Shall not any use Weibo Service system for any behavior that will adversely affect Sina or Weimeng company ；
4.9
Weimeng Company reserves the right to review and monitor the user's Weibo service use situations (including but not limited to audit the contents stored on Weibo platform by the users, If user violates any of the above requirements while using the Weibo Services, Weimeng company or its authorized entities have the right to require the user to make corrections or have the right to take all necessary measures directly (including but not limited to, change, or delete the contents posted by the user, suspend or terminate users' right to use Weibo service), so as to eliminate or mitigate the impact of user's misconduct, and prior to, during and after the aforementioned operations are completed, Sina does not need to notify the users in any way.
4.10
Any statement, notice, warning made by Weimeng company with respect to any specific Weibo Services through various means (including but not limited to the website notice, system notifications, private letter, SMS alert, etc.) are all considered as part of this Agreement, and should users agree to use the Weibo services, the users are deemed to have agreed with the contents in such statements, notification and alerts.
4.11
During the course of using Weibo Services, users should make comments in a civilized manner, and shall respect the personality rights and privacy of other users, and make a joint effort to build a harmonious, civilized, and polite social networking environment.
4.12
While using Weibo Services, if the user encounters illegal, infringing, abusive, defamatory contents uploaded by other users, user can click on the "Report" button to report on the relevant personnel, and therefore the related personnel will verify and handle the situation as soon as possible. According to the user, if the reported violation contents have violated the legitimate rights of users, should ask judicial authorities for help and Weimeng Company will be cooperating with the judicial authorities in the investigation and evidence gathering works.
5. Intelligent Rights
5.1
Any text, images, graphics, audio and/or video information in the Network services provided by Weimeng company are subject to copyright, trademarks and/or other property ownership laws, and therefore without the consent of the related right holders, the aforementioned materials shall not be directly or indirectly published, play, rewrite for the purpose of play or publishing, re-publish, or be used for any other commercial purposes in any media. All of this information or any part of the information can only be stored in a computer for a private and non-commercial use, Weimeng company will not be responsible to the users or any third party in any form regarding any delay, inaccuracies, errors and omissions or any damages arising or causing by the above information or during the transmission or submission of all or part of the above noted information.
5.2
All rights for the software used by Weimeng company to provide Weibo services, or any software’s that developed by a third party and are running on the Weibo platform for the users to use (including, but not limited to any images, photographs, animations, video, audio, music, text, supplementary programs, accompanying help materials contained in software) belong to the copyright owners of the software, and without the permission of  software copyright owners, the user shall not carry out any reverse engineering, decompiling, or disassembling for these software.
6. Privacy protection
6.1
Protection of user privacy is a basic policy of Weimeng, Sina guarantees that it will not openly disclose or provide to any third party the registration information of any individual user or the non-public contents stored in Sina company when the users are using Weibo services, with the following exceptions:
6.2
Protection of user privacy is a basic policy of Weimeng, Weimeng guarantees that it will not openly disclose or provide to any third party the registration information of any individual user or the non-public contents stored in Weimeng company when the users are using Weibo services, with the following exceptions:
6.2.1 Has obtained user's prior express authorization ；
6.2.2 Provide information according to the requirements of relevant laws and regulations；
6.2.3 In accordance with the requirements of the relevant government authorities；
6.2.4 To safeguard the interests of the public；
6.2.5 To protect the legal rights and interests of Weimeng company.
6.3
Weimeng company may partner with third parties to provide users with the Weibo service, and in this case, if the third party agreed to bear the responsibility to provide equal protection of user privacy as Weimeng does, Weimeng Company reserves the right to provide the third party with user's registration information.
7. Disclaimer
7.1
User expressly agrees that any risk associated with using Weibo services are the user's sole responsibility; and will bear all responsibilities for any consequences arising from its use of Weibo service from its own commitment, and Sina does not assume any responsibility for the user.
7.2
Weimeng does not guarantee that any network services will be able to meet user requirements; neither can Wimeng guarantee that the Weibo services will not be interrupted, nor will the timeliness of network services, security, and accuracy be guaranteed. Weimeng does not endorse, support, represent or guarantee the integrity, authenticity, accuracy or reliability of any information released through the Weibo services, or any opinion that gets passed through the Weibo services Users should make judgement at own discretion regarding the following information or contents that user might be exposed to, including illegal, non-moral, erroneous information or any other information containing inappropriate contents, as well as misclassified or deceptive information  Under any condition, Weimeng company will not bear any liability of any form for any loss or damage caused by any information, including but not limited to any erroneous or omissions of the information; or as a result of using the information via Weibo post, private message, transmitting or be released by other methods .
7.3
Weimeng company does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the external links set up for the convenience of the user, and does not assume any responsibility for the contents on any such web page via the external link, because Sina company does not actually control these websites.
7.4
For any interruption or other defects caused by or due to force majeure or reasons beyond the control of Weimeng Company, Weimeng Company does not assume any responsibility, but will try to reduce the losses and impacts sustained by the user.
7.5
User agrees that Weimeng company does not assume any responsibilities for the following quality defects of product or service provided to the users, or any loss caused by the quality defects:
7.5.1 Free Weibo Services provided to the users by Weimeng company ；
7.5.2 Any products or services gifted to the users by Weimeng company；
7.5.3 A variety of products or services gifted to the users of paid services by Weimeng company.
7.6
用户知悉并同意，微梦公司可能会与第三方合作向用户提供产品（包括但不限于游戏、第三方应用等）并由第三方向用户提供该产品的升级、维护、客服等后续工作，由该等第三方对该产品的质量问题或其本身的原因导致的一切纠纷或用户损失承担责任，用户在此同意将向该第三方主张与此有关的一切权利和损失。
7.7
微博平台上提供的产品或服务（包括但不限于游戏物品及道具），如未标明使用期限、或者其标明的使用期限为“永久”、“无限期”或“无限制”的，则其使用期限为自用户获得该游戏物品或道具之日起至该产品或服务在微博下线之日为止。由微梦公司原因导致的本协议终止或者该产品或服务在微博下线时，用户将无法继续使用该产品或服务，微梦公司将该用户剩余虚拟货币退还用户的虚拟货币账户或向受影响的用户提供等值的替代性的收费网络服务。
8. Damages for breach of contract
8.1
If as a result of Weimeng's violation of relevant laws, regulations or any provisions under this Agreement, the users have sustained losses; Sina Company agrees to assume liability for damages caused.
8.2
User agrees to protect and maintain interests of Weimeng company and other users, if as a result of breach of the laws, regulations or under any provision of this Agreement by the user, causing Weimeng company or any other third party to sustain losses, user agrees to assume liability for damages resulting therefrom.
9. Modification of agreement
9.1
The Weimeng company reserves the right to modify any of the terms in this Agreement, and in case there are any changes in the contents of the Agreement, Weimeng will be posting the contents of this Agreement after modification, which will be considered that Weimeng Company has already informed the users of the modified contents. Weimeng can also notify users of the modified contents through other appropriate means.
9.2
If you do not agree with Weimeng Company regarding the changes made to the provisions of this Agreement, the user has the right to stop using Weibo Services. If the user continues to use the Weibo services, the user is considered to have accepted the modifications made by Weimeng Company to the related terms under this Agreement.
10. Notice delivery
10.1
Under this Agreement, all of Weimeng's notices to the users can be delivered through website notice, email, system notifications, Weibo management account's contact, private message, SMS or regular mail; such notice are deemed to have been delivered to the recipient since the date of sending.
10.2
Users should use the mailing address, fax number, e-mail address and other contact information officially announced by Weimeng Company as a means to deliver any notices.
Legal jurisdiction
11.1
微博依据并贯彻中华人民共和国法律法规、政策规章及司法解释之要求，包括但不限于《全国人民代表大会常务委员会关于加强网络信息保护的决定》、《最高人民法院最高人民检察院适用法律若干问题的解释》等文件精神，制定《 微博服务使用协议 》。
11.2
The formulation, implementation and interpretation of this Agreement, as well as the dispute settlement should be subject to Chinese law and under the jurisdiction of the courts of China.
11.3
If the two parties have any dispute regarding the contents or implementation of this Agreement, the parties should try to resolve it through friendly consultation as far as possible; if the negotiation fails, either party may initiate the proceedings to the People's Court at the location where Weimeng Company is situated at.
12. Other regulations
12.1
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement for the stipulations of this Agreement and other related matters for the two sides, no other rights have been given to the parties of this Agreement except the provisions under the Agreement.
12.2
If any provision of this Agreement for whatever reason has become completely or partially invalid or not enforceable, the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall remain valid and binding.
12.3
Headings in this agreement are for convenience of the parties only and should be ignored in interpreting this agreement.